This is a simple gauntlet demo of a Pokemon rougelike.
The goal is to reach the end of the routes(there are 15)
To recieve The Gift

Important controls:
Movement is either arrows and home/pgup/end/pgdwn for diagonals, or the numpad with numlock off, or hjklyubn for purists
, picks up items
. waits 1 time unit
w waits 10 time units
q waits 100 time units
e [ITEMLETTER] eats a food


Unimportant controls:
t [DIR] talks in a direction, walking at an NPC is easier
>/< use an exit, currently exits are autoused
s saves
r restores[will not work well, but that'll learn you for saving] 



Important things:
You and your pokemon restore 1HP every 20 steps
You need food to survive, if you get too hungry, "Hungry" will appear, then "Weak", then you will die
There are no cures for statuses, fear them, poison and burning cause inevitable deaths
Pokemon grow more difficult each map, grinding is advised.
Most of the special moves are not implemented properly - 
Essentially, the damage and types are implemented, but special things mostly aren't,
But I've tried to make everything do something.
Also, moves of pokemon with no damaging moves have been given damage to make them worse
to grind, but better to own
Most stuff is just taken from Gen1 directly, but some is modified
PP and evasion aren't implemented
A few Pokemon with special evolve conditions evolve at some level(e.g. trade, stone pokemon), not all

All the routes are intended to be mountainous regions.
The '(', ')', 'n', 'u' symbols are cliffs, sortofsimilar to the jumps in the Pokemon,
i.e. they jump you a space[the jumping is actually a little wonky and will probably change]
It IS possible to get stuck in a valley. This is a feature, professional mountaineers will often tell you that jumping off cliffs with no means of escape is imprudent
Using diagonals helps to get out.
Also,  if you save and refresh the game page, then load your game, the map should be different. But that is an exploit, and FBI vans will be deployed accordingly.



If you want to know where to find things:
1: nidoranm,nidoranf, pidgey, rattata, caterpie, weedle, metapod, kakuna, spearow, ekans
2: sandshrew, pikachu, clefairy, vulpix, jigglypuff, zubat, oddish, meowth, paras, magikarp
3: diglett, mankey, growlithe, poliwag, abra, machop, tentacool, bellsprout, geodude, venonat
4: psyduck, seel, ponyta, slowpoke, doduo, farfetchd, magnemite, grimer, shellder
5: butterfree, beedrill, pidgeotto, golbat, gastly, drowzee, onix, krabby, cubone, machoke, voltorb
6: fearow, raichu, nidorina, nidorino, hitmonlee, hitmonchan, horsea, chansey, staryu, goldeen, omanyte, dratini
7: bulbasaur, charmander, squirtle, graveler, koffing, rhyhorn, jynx, poliwhirl, gloom, haunter
8:eevee, exeggcute, scyther, mrmime, magmar, electabuzz, lapras, ditto, kabuto, snorlax, weepinbell
9: raticate, tentacruel, arbok, raichu, sandslash, tauros, pinsir, haunter, muk, dodrio, dugtrio, kadabra, dragonair
10: golduck, dewgong, starmie, pidgeot, clefable, wigglytuff, ninetales, primeape, tangela, ivysaur, charmeleon, wartortle
11: tangela, lickitung, rapidash, kangaskhan, persian, vaporeon, jolteon, flareon, porygon, cloyster, slowbro, arcanine
12: marowak, seaking, seadra, parasect, venomoth, poliwrath, kingler, electrode, aerodactyl, omastar, kabutops
13: gyarados, magneton, lickitung, exeggutor, vileplume, victreebel, machamp, rhydon, nidoqueen, nidoking, golem
14: venusaur, charizard, blastoise, alakazam, dragonite, snorlax, gengar
15: mew, mewtwo, moltres, articuno, zapdos
